c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\iBlog.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Model.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\bin\ru\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\iBlog\obj\Debug\iBlog.pdb
