c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\obj\Debug\Framework.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Framework\obj\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\obj\Debug\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\obj\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Framework\obj\Debug\Framework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
