c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\YandexDisk\Документы\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Git\Blog.NetMvc\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc4.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Repositories.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\Blog_Angular\iBlog\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
